Added Cloudapp to the sales and marketing section (#5)
dakshshah96/awesome-startup-credits: README.md

- [HubSpot](https://www.hubspot.com/startups) - Discover how HubSpot can help your startup grow with their CRM, sales, marketing, and customer service software, plus education and support.
- [Drift](https://www.drift.com/startups/) - Drift is a leading conversational marketing platform and they're giving 86% off to early stage startups.

> - [CloudApp](https://www.getcloudapp.com/startups) - CloudApp offers a better way to acquire, engage and support your customers with quick shareable videos and images using an easy-to-use screen recorder. Receive 12 months of credit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CloudApp Elevate](https://www.getcloudapp.com/elevate) - CloudApp offers a better way to acquire, engage and support your customers with quick shareable videos and images using an easy-to-use screen recorder. Get up to $1,000 CloudApp Credit for up to 12 months.
```

> - [CloudApp](https://www.getcloudapp.com/startups) - CloudApp offers a better way to acquire, engage and support your customers with quick shareable videos and images using an easy-to-use screen recorder. Receive 12 months of credit.

Reviewer: 👋  Hey, this should be good to merge if you can fix the following:

```suggestion
- [CloudApp Elevate](https://www.getcloudapp.com/elevate) - CloudApp offers a better way to acquire, engage and support your customers with quick shareable videos and images using an easy-to-use screen recorder. Get up to $1,000 CloudApp Credit for up to 12 months.
```
